# Datacard for <Channel (monojet-wmcr) instance at 0x7f04fb97dba8> generated on 2020-02-18 15:08:33.020280
imax 1 # number of categories ('bins' but here we are using shape templates)
jmax 5 # number of samples minus 1
kmax 1 # number of nuisance parameters
shapes * monojet-wmcr darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root darkhiggs_mass0_monojet:monojet-wmcr_$PROCESS darkhiggs_mass0_monojet:monojet-wmcr_$PROCESS_$SYSTEMATIC
bin monojet-wmcr
observation 179950.463
bin      monojet-wmcr  monojet-wmcr  monojet-wmcr  monojet-wmcr  monojet-wmcr  monojet-wmcr
process         ttbar         wjets     singletop            dy       diboson         higgs
process             1             2             3             4             5             6
rate            1.000         1.000       807.197      4212.541      2127.287         4.154
jec param 0 1
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_ttbar_bin9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
monojet-sr_wjets_bin9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_ttbarMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wmcr_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
