# Datacard for <Channel (sr-mass0-monojet) instance at 0x7f8cc9c558d0> generated on 2020-05-05 12:46:17.977002
imax 1 # number of categories ('bins' but here we are using shape templates)
jmax 7 # number of samples minus 1
kmax 0 # number of nuisance parameters
shapes * sr-mass0-monojet darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root darkhiggs_mass0_monojet:sr-mass0-monojet_$PROCESS darkhiggs_mass0_monojet:sr-mass0-monojet_$PROCESS_$SYSTEMATIC
bin sr-mass0-monojet
observation 266207.000
bin      sr-mass0-monojet  sr-mass0-monojet  sr-mass0-monojet  sr-mass0-monojet  sr-mass0-monojet  sr-mass0-monojet  sr-mass0-monojet  sr-mass0-monojet
process             zjets             wjets                tt                st            dyjets                vv               hbb               qcd
process                 1                 2                 3                 4                 5                 6                 7                 8
rate                1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000
b_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
bb_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
bc_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
c_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
cc_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
other_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_dyjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_hbb_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_qcd_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_st_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_tt_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_vv_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_wjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
sr-mass0-monojet_zjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
tbcq_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
tbqq_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
vqq_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
wcq_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
whf_k extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
xbb_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
zcc_sf extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
zhf_k extArg darkhiggs_mass0_monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0_monojet
