# Datacard for <Channel (sr-mass1-monojet) instance at 0x2ae16a291080> generated on 2020-05-11 06:50:52.667780
imax 1 # number of categories ('bins' but here we are using shape templates)
jmax 13 # number of samples minus 1
kmax 10 # number of nuisance parameters
shapes * sr-mass1-monojet darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet:sr-mass1-monojet_$PROCESS darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet:sr-mass1-monojet_$PROCESS_$SYSTEMATIC
bin sr-mass1-monojet
observation 52586.000
bin      sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet  sr-mass1-monojet
process             zjets             wjets                tt                st            dyjets                vv               hbb               qcd            Mhs_50            Mhs_70            Mhs_90           MonoJet             MonoW             MonoZ
process                 1                 2                 3                 4                 5                 6                 7                 8                 9                10                11                12                13                14
rate                1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000             1.000
btag param 0 1
dyjets_norm param 0 1
hbb_norm param 0 1
jec param 0 1
lumi param 0 1
qcdsig_norm param 0 1
st_norm param 0 1
trig_met param 0 1
veto_tau param 0 1
vv_norm param 0 1
b_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
bb_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
bc_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
c_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
cc_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
other_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_50_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_70_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_Mhs_90_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoJet_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoW_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_MonoZ_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_dyjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_hbb_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_qcd_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_st_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_tt_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_vv_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_wjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
sr-mass1-monojet_zjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
tbcq_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
tbqq_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
vqq_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
wcq_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
whf_k extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
xbb_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
zcc_sf extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
zhf_k extArg darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet.root:darkhiggs_sr-mass1-monojet
