# Datacard for <Channel (tecr-mass3-monojet) instance at 0x2ac8e55442e8> generated on 2020-05-12 07:12:47.360724
imax 1 # number of categories ('bins' but here we are using shape templates)
jmax 6 # number of samples minus 1
kmax 15 # number of nuisance parameters
shapes * tecr-mass3-monojet darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet:tecr-mass3-monojet_$PROCESS darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet:tecr-mass3-monojet_$PROCESS_$SYSTEMATIC
bin tecr-mass3-monojet
observation 4119.000
bin      tecr-mass3-monojet  tecr-mass3-monojet  tecr-mass3-monojet  tecr-mass3-monojet  tecr-mass3-monojet  tecr-mass3-monojet  tecr-mass3-monojet
process               wjets                  tt                  st              dyjets                  vv                 hbb                 qcd
process                   1                   2                   3                   4                   5                   6                   7
rate                  1.000               1.000               1.000               1.000               1.000               1.000               1.000
btag param 0 1
dyjets_norm param 0 1
hbb_norm param 0 1
id_e param 0 1
jec param 0 1
lumi param 0 1
qcdmu_norm param 0 1
reco_e param 0 1
st_norm param 0 1
trig_e param 0 1
trig_met param 0 1
tt_norm param 0 1
veto_tau param 0 1
vv_norm param 0 1
wjets_norm param 0 1
b_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
bb_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
bc_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
c_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
cc_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
other_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin14_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin15_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin16_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin17_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin18_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin19_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin20_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_tt_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin14_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin15_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin16_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin17_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin18_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin19_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin20_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
sr-mass3-monojet_wjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tbcq_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tbqq_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_dyjets_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_hbb_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_qcd_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_st_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin14_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin15_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin16_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin17_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin18_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin19_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin20_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_ttMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_0 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_1 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_10 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_11 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_12 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_13 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_14 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_15 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_16 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_17 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_18 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_19 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_2 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_20 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_3 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_4 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_5 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_6 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_7 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_8 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_vv_bin_9 extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin14_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin15_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin16_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin17_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin18_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin19_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin20_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
tecr-mass3-monojet_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
vqq_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
wcq_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
whf_k extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
xbb_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
zcc_sf extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
zhf_k extArg darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet.root:darkhiggs_tecr-mass3-monojet
