# Datacard for <Channel (gcr) instance at 0x7f2cca666470> generated on 2020-02-13 15:02:57.447131
imax 1 # number of categories ('bins' but here we are using shape templates)
jmax 0 # number of samples minus 1
kmax 1 # number of nuisance parameters
shapes * gcr darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root darkhiggs_mass0monojet:gcr_$PROCESS darkhiggs_mass0monojet:gcr_$PROCESS_$SYSTEMATIC
bin gcr
observation 58148.152
bin        gcr
process  gjets
process      1
rate     1.000
jec param 0 1
gjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
gjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvvMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_zvv_bin9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
