# Datacard for <Channel (tmcr) instance at 0x7f2cc96672e8> generated on 2020-02-13 15:02:57.429837
imax 1 # number of categories ('bins' but here we are using shape templates)
jmax 5 # number of samples minus 1
kmax 1 # number of nuisance parameters
shapes * tmcr darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root darkhiggs_mass0monojet:tmcr_$PROCESS darkhiggs_mass0monojet:tmcr_$PROCESS_$SYSTEMATIC
bin tmcr
observation 21706.472
bin       tmcr   tmcr       tmcr     tmcr     tmcr   tmcr
process  ttbar  wjets  singletop       dy  diboson  higgs
process      1      2          3        4        5      6
rate     1.000  1.000    825.490  356.866  237.232  1.815
jec param 0 1
sr_ttbarMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbarMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_ttbar_bin9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin0 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin1 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin10 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin11 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin12 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin13 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin2 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin3 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin4 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin5 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin6 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin7 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin8 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
sr_wjets_bin9 extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_ttbarMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin0_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin10_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin11_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin12_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin13_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin1_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin2_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin3_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin4_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin5_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin6_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin7_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin8_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
tmcr_wjetsMC_bin9_nominal extArg darkhiggs_mass0monojet.root:darkhiggs_mass0monojet
